"Commentary: Stay course on stay-at-home order to save lives - Crain's Detroit Business"
"Thousands of Americans backed by rightwing donors gear up for protests - The Guardian"
"First, the coronavirus pandemic took their jobs. Then, it wiped out their health insurance. - The Washington Post"
"Valley Voice: Social distancing does not have to mean social disengagement - Desert Sun"
"How Covid-19 Is Making Millions of Americans Healthier - The New York Times"
"Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: Serological Test Validation and Education Efforts - FDA.gov"
"What Explains The COVID-19 Race Gap? : Shots - Health News - NPR"
"U.S. Pays High Prices for Masks From Unproven Vendors in Coronavirus Fight - The Wall Street Journal"
"How hard is it to find a medical grade face mask? - WBRC"
"Will Americans wear masks to prevent coronavirus spread? Politics, history, race and crime factor into tough decision - Washington Post"
"Protesters Rally Against Coronavirus 'Stay-At-Home' Order In Downtown San Diego - KPBS"
"Long before coronavirus, Philly ran a quarantine center for another deadly contagion - The Philadelphia Inquirer"
"Chile, India, France: Coronavirus World News Updates - The New York Times"
"C.D.C. Labs Were Contaminated, Delaying Coronavirus Testing, Officials Say - The New York Times"
"Are Face Masks the New Condoms? - The New York Times"
"Singapore had a model coronavirus response, then cases spiked. What happened? - CNN"
"Global coronavirus cases top 2.3 million as pandemic forces businesses to shift plans - CNBC"
"Colorado Considers Eagle County's Request For Exemptions From Coronavirus Stay-At-Home Order - Colorado Public Radio"
"Virtual 5K run raises money in times of stay at home - WPLG Local 10"
"Coronavirus masks: What's the difference between N95 and KN95? - Boston Herald"
"What We Do and Do Not Know About COVID-19's Infectious Dose and Viral Load - Discover Magazine"
"Ontario COVID-19 Rapid Research Fund - Government of Ontario News"
"Column: Stay-at-home order extended until at least ... sigh - The State News"
"Asuragen Develops Armored RNA Quant(r) SARS-CoV-2 Control - HospiMedica"
"Coronavirus: South Africa Setting Up Quarantine Sites for COVID-19 - Techfinancials.co.za"
"What Does Coronavirus Look Like? CDC Releases Images From First American COVID-19 Patient - Forbes"
"Alberta health-care workers say new masks don't seal, cause rashes and headaches - CBC.ca"
"Taiwan to quarantine 700 navy sailors after virus outbreak - Reuters"
"Coronavirus Florida: What you need to know, Saturday, April 18 - Palm Beach Daily News"
"Understanding how social distancing can impact your mental health - KRTV Great Falls News"
"Germany Starts Broad Antibody Testing to Assess Spread of Coronavirus; Israel Relaxes Restrictions - The New York Times"
"'Operation Gridlock' Arrives In Colorado To Challenge Polis' Stay-At-Home Order - Colorado Public Radio"
"The Covid-19 response must balance civil liberties and public health -- experts explain how - CNBC"
"Coronavirus updates: Star-studded Global Citizens Festival raises funds for COVID-19 response - CBS News"
"No, SARS-CoV-2 does not contain HIV genetic code! - The European Scientist"
"Millions of N95 masks reportedly ordered by US from unproven suppliers - Vox.com"
"April 18 coronavirus news - CNN"
"Elderwood at Waverly confirms 11 new cases of COVID-19, 25 total - WETM - MyTwinTiers.com"
"Crafting: Making a face mask - WNCT"
"Canada's 14-day quarantine rule for entering country has $750,000 fine - Business Insider - Business Insider"
"In the pandemic, the threat of natural disasters still looms. The thought of facing both at once worries some who'd be in charge - CNN"
"Walmart to require all employees wear face masks starting Monday as part of coronavirus response - USA TODAY"
"Officials Say C.D.C. Errors Caused Testing Delays - The New York Times"
"Advice for getting outside during stay-at-home orders - KMOX"
"Looking for a quarantine buddy? Cornell students build platform to curb loneliness during coronavirus - syracuse.com"
"How to Safely Reuse Surgical Masks, N95s, and Cloth Face Coverings - Allure"
"Hundreds gather in California to protest stay-at-home orders - ABC News"
"Protesters decry stay-at-home orders in Maryland, Texas and Ohio capitals - The Guardian"
"Massachusetts Reports 156 New Coronavirus Deaths, 1,970 New Cases - NBC10 Boston"
"How to Choose the Right Face Mask - Voice of America"
"Face masks become mandatory in Pennsylvania: Here's what you need to know - PennLive"
"The impact of the coronavirus pandemic on gender equality | VOX, CEPR Policy Portal - voxeu.org"
"COVID-19: Study Reveals How Long Social Distancing Measures May Remain In Place - Daily Voice"
"Could you get PTSD from your pandemic experience? The long-term mental health effects of coronavirus - CNBC"
"COVID-19: Finally an ELISA Emerges - Contagionlive.com"
"US: Hundreds protest against coronavirus stay-at-home orders - Al Jazeera English"
"Legal-Ease: Work responsibility during quarantine - LimaOhio.com"
"Coronavirus Crackdown: New Yorkers Asked To Report Social Distancing Violations - CBS New York"
"Record government and corporate debt risks 'tipping point' after pandemic passes - The Washington Post"
"These 12 essential apps will make quarantine bearable - CNN"
"Wuhan lab says there's no way coronavirus originated there. Here's the science. - Livescience.com"
"Who's Equipped to Deal With Pandemic Worries? Patients With Rare Diseases, Some Say - AJMC.com Managed Markets Network"
"Hundreds defy Idaho's stay-at-home order at Capitol protest - KTVB.com"
"Coronavirus Testing Needs to Triple Before the U.S. Can Reopen, Experts Say - The New York Times"
"Fremont Auto Shop Sends Over 20,000 Protective Masks to Hospital Workers Across U.S. - NBC Bay Area"
"Dr. Birx: Data Shows Social Distancing Is Working - NBC10 Boston"
"Coronavirus experts don't have all the answers - Vox.com"
"New CDC data: Covid-19 is affecting black Americans at exceptionally high rates - Vox.com"
"Protesters Decry Coronavirus Stay-At-Home Orders Across The US, Including San Diego - KPBS"
"Promising MERS Vaccine Candidate Might Be Able to Block Coronavirus Infections - SciTechDaily"