"2000-Year-Old Realistic Green Mask Found Nestled Inside an Ancient Pyramid - My Modern Met"
"Do masks offer protection from new virus? It depends - ABC News"
"Quarantine Order Issued For Passenger On China Flight Who Tried To Leave March Air Reserve Base - CBS Los Angeles"
"Person with possible coronavirus in Arkansas traveled to China recently, now in isolation in hospital, agency says - Arkansas Online"
"Australia coronavirus: Evacuees criticise Christmas Island quarantine plan - BBC News"
"What Organizations Need to Survive a Pandemic - Harvard Business Review"
"Diary of a Wuhan native: A week under coronavirus quarantine - Al Jazeera English"
"Quarantine Ordered for Passenger Who Tried to Leave March Air Reserve Base After Flight From China - KTLA"
"Not coronavirus: 6,000 cruise ship passengers given OK to disembark after passenger diagnosed with flu - USA TODAY"
"Coronavirus evacuee quarantined at California military base - East Bay Times"
"Will a face mask protect you from coronavirus? - Medical Xpress"
"Coronavirus fears lead dog owners to buy facemasks - Fox Business"
"Going Viral for the Wrong Reasons - The Scientist"
"What you need to know about face masks before getting one - AsiaOne"
"Coronavirus News in India: Latest News on Coronavirus Disease COVID-19 Symptoms, Precaution, Treatment, Coronavirus Pandemic - News18"
"Coronavirus: Death toll rises as virus spreads to every Chinese region - BBC News"
"'The fear is the same' -- lessons learned from past pandemics applied to coronavirus - CBC.ca"
"Coronavirus vaccine research is moving at record speed - The Washington Post"
"Is the coronavirus outbreak as bad as SARS or the 2009 influenza pandemic? A biologist explains the clues - The Conversation US"
"People traveling through DIA wear masks as coronavirus spreads in China - 9News.com KUSA"
"Coronavirus: how worried should I be about the shortage of face masks? Or can I just use a scarf? - The Conversation AU"
"Woman who accused Trump of rape seeks DNA sample - Chicago Tribune"
"South Korean evacuees from Wuhan welcomed to quarantine centers - Reuters"
"Coronavirus Campaigns Spread Emotet, Malware - Threatpost"
"All about COVID-19 - The Hindu"
"The Mincing Rascals 1.30.2020: Coronavirus, Impeachment Hearings, Kobe Bryant, President Trump and MORE! - WGN Radio"
"We've Had a Lot of Pandemics Lately. Have We Learned Anything From Them? - Slate"
"Coronavirus Has Now Spread To All Regions Of Mainland China - NPR"
"Data suggest nCoV more infectious than 1918 flu, but what does that mean? - CIDRAP"
"As the coronavirus spreads, fear is fueling racism and xenophobia - CNN"
"How Humans Will Fight Back After the Wuhan Virus Outbreak | Time - TIME"
"How To Stay In Your Home For Life - Forbes"
"Riverside County Orders Quarantine for Passenger on Chartered Flight from China - Times of San Diego"
"Coronavirus COVID-19 Global Cases by Johns Hopkins CSSE - World - ReliefWeb"
"Face masks selling fast amid concerns over coronavirus - WTNH.com"
"Officials order quarantine for Wuhan flight passenger who tried to leave military base - KESQ"
"Genomic characterisation and epidemiology of 2019 novel coronavirus: implications for virus origins and receptor binding - The Lancet"
"Face masks are running low in Sacramento. Is wearing one necessary to prevent coronavirus? - Sacramento Bee"
"Global fears spread over coronavirus - CNN"
"When You've Got 99 Problems And Money Is One : 1A - NPR"
"Statement on the second meeting of the International Health Regulations (2005) Emergency Committee regarding the outbreak of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) - World Health Organization"
"Coronavirus declared global health emergency by WHO - BBC News"
"Tyreek Hill eyes Olympics; qualifying for U.S. trials is difficult enough - OlympicTalk"
"The next pandemic is coming. We're not prepared for it. - The Washington Post"
"The Coronavirus Quarantines, From Bizarre to Heartbreaking - Slate"
"Coronavirus outbreak: what's next? - Nature.com"
"To mask or not to mask: confusion spreads over coronavirus protection - Reuters"
"New Quarantine Center at UNMC Ready if Needed for Coronavirus - NET Nebraska"
"Are cloth masks effective as protection from the novel coronavirus? - CNN Philippines"
"How to wear a surgical mask correctly - The Indian Express"
"Disabled teenager in China dies at home alone after relatives quarantined - The Guardian"
"Coronavirus: Ikea closes all stores in China over deadly virus - The Financial Express"
"Limited data on coronavirus may be skewing assumptions about severity - STAT"
"SARS Pandemic: How the Virus Spread Around the World in 2003 - History"
"Stay-at-home fathers in S'pore face stigma amid persistent belief mothers are best caregivers: Study - TODAYonline"
"Wuhan coronavirus is genetically different from human SARS, MERS-CoV, study found - News-Medical.net"
"The Gold Standard Pandemic Masks Are Out of Stock, So What Should You Get? - New York Magazine"
"Coronavirus Prevention at Work May Clash With Bias Laws (1) - Bloomberg Law"
"Wuhan virus: Authorities crack down on profiteering by mask sellers - The Straits Times"
"Face mask shortage hits Europe and US as coronavirus spreads - Financial Times"
"Warnings of online scams, dubious goods amid mask-buying frenzy - South China Morning Post"
"U.S. evacuees 'relieved' about quarantine on military base - WKMG News 6 & ClickOrlando"
"Daddy's home, Singapore News & Top Stories - The Straits Times"
"PAHO/WHO | WHO declares Public Health Emergency on novel coronavirus - Pan American Health Organization"
"China virus triggers global rush for protective masks - Reuters"
"Coronavirus vaccine: Scientists race to develop prevention - BBC News"
"Will the Wuhan virus become a pandemic? - The Economist"
"Amid virus outbreak, Japan stores scramble to meet demand for face masks - The Japan Times"
"Wuhan coronavirus: Photos of huge queues to buy face masks across Asia - Business Insider - Business Insider"
"Coronavirus: 'Dramatic increase in face masks being bought' - BBC News"
"Wuhan Passenger Quarantined After Trying To Leave March Air Base - Banning, CA Patch"
"Coronavirus Is Declared a Global Health Emergency as Threat Rises Outside China - The Wall Street Journal"
"Viewpoints: Pandemic Panic Could Severely Limit Medical Response To Controlling Coronavirus; Latest Medicaid Policy Hits Like A Sledgehammer - Kaiser Health News"
"A Bronx Surprise Shakes Up the Race for Mayor of New York - Spectrum News NY1"
"Will a face mask help stop the coronavirus? - WFMYNews2.com"
"Families Don't Want More Day Care. They Want More Home Work - The Federalist"
"Hotel Zed offers 18yr-free stay for couples who get baby 9 months after first... - Citizen TV"
"Can A Face Mask Actually Prevent You From Getting Coronavirus? - Refinery29"
"Can face masks fend off coronavirus? For LA's Chinese communities, it's a cultural disconnect - USA TODAY"
"Outbreak to Pandemic: 10 must watch Hollywood films on virus outbreaks - The New Indian Express"
"Ministry of Health supporting initiative to ban the use of vaping devices in public spaces - The Tico Times"
"Future water use will affect all corners of Utah life - The Herald Journal"
"Americans stranded in virus-hit Wuhan await evacuation as U.S. plans extra flights - Savannah Morning News"
"Masks Reveal Cultural Disconnect As L.A.'s Chinese Community Braces For Coronavirus - California Healthline"
"The Hardest Part Of Becoming A SAHM After Being A Lawyer - Above the Law"
"Healthy Americans' Mask Hoarding Creating Shortages For Medical Professionals Who Actually Benefit From Them - Kaiser Health News"
"Wilbur Ross says Coronavirus could boost US jobs - BBC News"
"Coronavirus: Who needs to wear a mask and what's the proper way to wear it? - The Straits Times"