"Does the New Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 Spread Through the Air? - SciTechDaily"
"Coronavirus: Italy imposes strict lockdown in outbreak hotspots - The Union Journal"
"Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19): Situation Report - 33 (22 February 2020) - China - ReliefWeb"
"Millennial Women Made LuLaRoe Billions. Then They Paid The Price. - BuzzFeed News"
"Coronavirus: US says Russia behind disinformation campaign - The Guardian"
"DIY virus protection: Hong Kongers making own masks amid shortages - Gulf Today"
"Research excludes Wuhan seafood market as origin of SARS-CoV-2: CAS - China.org.cn"
"How COVID-19 Has Affected Medical Care For Non-Coronavirus Patients - NPR"
"These Are Some Of The Worst Things Stay-At-Home Moms Hear (& Think) - BabyGaga"
"Mapping the Oldest Existing Companies in Every Country - Visual Capitalist"
"In a boost to vaccine development, structure of SARS-CoV-2 key protein mapped - The Hindu"
"Coronavirus outbreak edges closer to pandemic status - The Washington Post"
"How the Coronavirus Revealed Authoritarianism's Fatal Flaw - The Atlantic"
"FBI orders $40K worth of face masks, hand sanitizer in case of coronavirus outbreak - New York Post"
"Healthy Wuhan residents say they were forced into mass coronavirus quarantine, risking infection - CNN"
"U.S. Health Officials Prepare for Coronavirus to Become a Pandemic - KX NEWS"
"Dobbs Trucking ...HOME ALMOST EVERY NIGHT! Annual 55 K Paid - Wyoming Tribune"
"Taiwan gearing up to produce 10 million face masks per day - Focus Taiwan News Channel"
"Judge temporarily halts transfer of coronavirus patients to quarantine facility in California city - ABC News"
"Sealed in: Chinese trapped at home by coronavirus feel the strain - Reuters"
"Immunologist: We are clearly at the brink of a pandemic - CNN"
"Fauci on Feb.22: Coronavirus has 'the makings of a pandemic' - CNN"
"The ID Pipeline: FDA Activity From the Week of February 16, 2020 - Contagionlive.com"
"White House Fears Effect of Coronavirus on Election as World Braces for Pandemic - Slate Magazine"
"Tommy Ford returns to giant slalom podium in Japan - OlympicTalk"
"Is WHO mishandling the coronavirus response? | Coronavirus outbreak - Aljazeera.com"
"From one-time Chinese capital to coronavirus epicenter, Wuhan has a long history that the West had forgotten - CNN"
"Coronavirus: Masked medics asked her to step outside. Then they started singing \"Happy Birthday\" - The Mercury News"
"Virginia soldier surprises daughter after nine-month deployment overseas - KLRT - FOX16.com"
"The coronavirus Diamond Princess quarantine was doomed. But so are most quarantines. - NBC News"
"Nanda: Can we avoid a novel coronavirus pandemic? - The Denver Post"
"CDC has confirmed 35 cases of novel coronavirus in the US - Wink News"
"The best facial mask - Chicago Tribune"
"Coronavirus updates: Cases in South Korea surge as U.S. prepares for pandemic - NBC News"
"'We're in a Petri Dish': How a Coronavirus Ravaged a Cruise Ship - The New York Times"
"Infection Numbers Spike in South Korea, and Fear Builds - The New York Times"
"'Social distancing' recommended at schools to combat Coronavirus spread - Chino Champion"
"Scientists seek upper hand against COVID-19 with coronavirus genome - Los Angeles Times"
"35: The British Ambassador to Norway - Life in Norway"
"Korean COVID-19 cases double; Iran-linked infections climb - CIDRAP"
"What COVID-19 Cases Look Like In South Korea - NPR"