"WHO: Europe Replaces China as Epicenter of Virus Pandemic - Voice of America"
"The Guy Who Wore a Giant Donut in Public to Enforce Social Distancing Is the Hero We Need - Popular Mechanics"
"How EI benefits for COVID-19 quarantines will work under the new rules - National Post"
"6 Geneva Police Department members under self quarantine, arrestee tested for virus - RochesterFirst"
"In Coronavirus Pandemic, Christianity Has Ancient Lessons - Foreign Policy"
"Social Distancing? You Might Be Fighting Climate Change, Too - The New York Times"
"Pelosi and Trump Reach Deal on a Relief Package - The New York Times"
"Slowing the spread of coronavirus: Why some people aren't social distancing - ABC News"
"Defining Coronavirus Symptoms: From Mild To Moderate To Severe : Goats and Soda - NPR"
"Should You Buy a Home During the Coronavirus Pandemic? - The New York Times"
"BRIEF-Luminex Provides Update On SARS-CoV-2 Validation Testing Efforts - Reuters"
"The ultimate kids' guide to the new coronavirus - Livescience.com"
"Trump Administration Announces Measures To Speed Coronavirus Testing - NPR"
"Fri. 3:59 pm: Trump declares virus pandemic a national emergency | News, Sports, Jobs - Warren Tribune Chronicle"
"The Best Ways to Practice Self-Care While Social Distancing - Vogue"
"Why our shrinking natural world is increasing the pace of pandemics - Fast Company"
"How to help others in the COVID-19 crisis - PBS NewsHour"
"VERIFY: No confirmed sources for viral coronavirus quarantine voicemail - WUSA9.com"
"CDC confirms 12 additional coronavirus cases in Massachusetts Friday, total 18 - WWLP.com"
"I Practiced Social Distancing Before Coronavirus. It Works. - The New York Times"
"Here's What It's Like to Live in the Quarantine Zone - Healthline"
"Opinion | How Much Worse the Coronavirus Could Get, in Charts - The New York Times"
"They survived the coronavirus. Then they tested positive again. Why? - Los Angeles Times"
"How The Coronavirus Pandemic Is Wreaking Havoc With The SAT - Forbes"
"WHO, UN Foundation and partners launch first-of-its-kind COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund - World Health Organization"
"College Student From Sudbury Reflects On Quarantine After Returning From Italy - WBUR"
"Deuterium Depletion as a Possible New Strategy to Combat SARS-CoV-2 - b3c newswire"
"Chinese Officials Blame US Army for Coronavirus - The Scientist"
"Who Gets Forgotten in a Pandemic - The Nation"
"Are Kidneys Targeted by the Novel Coronavirus? - Cath Lab Digest"
"How Are Wuhan Residents Coping Mentally After 7 Weeks Of Quarantine? - NPR"
"Deadliest pandemics in modern history - Fox News"
"Coronavirus: Why systemic problems leave the US at risk - BBC News"
"How do you self-quarantine? - KARE11.com"
"Coronavirus In Minnesota: What Are Your Legal Rights If You're Quarantined? - CBS Minnesota"
"One simple chart explains how social distancing saves lives - PBS NewsHour"
"Medicago Develops Plant-Based Coronavirus Vaccine Candidate - BioSpace"
"A Doctor Explains What You Need to Know About Coronavirus - Heritage.org"
"Social distancing saves lives, here's the science behind it - Q13 FOX"
"Want to Sue Because of a Coronavirus Quarantine? Good Luck (1) - Bloomberg Law"
"What is social distancing and how can it slow the spread of COVID-19? - The Hub at Johns Hopkins"
"Lamont's emergency declaration allows him to order quarantines if necessary - The CT Mirror"
"The COVID-19 Epidemic and Pandemic Preparedness in the United States - Council on Foreign Relations"
"How we know disinfectants should kill the COVID-19 coronavirus - Chemical & Engineering News"
"Qiagen Nabs $598K in BARDA Funding to Add SARS-CoV-2 to Respiratory Pathogen Panel - GenomeWeb"
"Epidemic vs. Pandemic: Comparison and Occurrence | US News - U.S. News & World Report"
"The coronavirus pandemic: visualising the global crisis - The Guardian"
"Quarantine for all | TheHill - The Hill"
"Cancel-culture is hitting us hard as coronavirus spreads through the US. Can America handle all this social distancing? - USA TODAY"
"From paradise to coronavirus: the Grand Princess and the cruise from hell - The Guardian"
"Remarks by President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Members of the Coronavirus Task Force in Press Conference - Whitehouse.gov"
"Child is Nebraska's 14th confirmed case of coronavirus; state of emergency declared - Lincoln Journal Star"
"The coronavirus playbook: How 12 health systems are responding to the pandemic - Becker's Hospital Review"
"The coronavirus pandemic will end, but the virus will still circulate - The - The Washington Post"
"Coronavirus: a pandemic in the age of inequality - World Economic Forum"
"The Covid-19 coronavirus is not the flu. It's worse. - Vox.com"
"Interactive map and timelines tracking coronavirus numbers and trends in Idaho - KTVB.com"
"Theology of the coronavirus pandemic - Sumter Item"
"How to Support Small Businesses Amid Pandemic Panic - Baltimore Magazine"
"Coronavirus FAQs For The Week Of 3/7: From Flattening The Curve To Infected Surfaces : Goats and Soda - NPR"
"Worst-Case Estimates for U.S. Coronavirus Deaths - The New York Times"
"Pandemic Increasingly Takes Over Daily Lives, Nations Try Drastic Tactics - NBC10 Boston"
"What does 'quarantine' actually mean when it comes to coronavirus? How would it impact your life? - WKYC.com"
"Trump's H1N1 Swine Flu Pandemic Spin - FactCheck.org"
"What happens if you defy quarantine? In some cases, you could face jail time - News 5 Cleveland"
"Trump grows more irate as his attempts to contain coronavirus fallout fail - CNN"
"Cruz extends self-quarantine after learning of interaction with another coronavirus patient - Fox News"
"Social Distancing and Food | The Food Party! | Laura Stec - Palo Alto Online"
"Seniors, deemed most vulnerable to virus, grapple with 'social distancing' - The Boston Globe"
"Two Views: A pandemic reveals our interdependence - Austin American-Statesman"
"Amid a Pandemic, Trump Moves Forward With Safety Net Cuts - The New York Times"
"COVID-19 appears less severe in children - Science Daily"
"Video: How the coronavirus is different from other pandemics - The Mercury News"
"Explaining Coronavirus To Kids, And The Science Of Soap - Vermont Public Radio"
"In a Pandemic, Musicians Play in Empty Halls for Audiences Online - The New York Times"
"COVID-19 and pigs: experts answer your questions on the novel coronavirus - The Pig Site"
"How you should self-quarantine and what to tell your kids about COVID-19 - MarketWatch"
"Coronavirus pandemic prompts the big 3 cruise companies to suspend operations - CNBC"
"BioReference Partners With NY State to Provide Drive-Through SARS-CoV-2 Testing - GenomeWeb"
"Coronavirus: Europe now epicentre of the pandemic, says WHO - BBC News"
"Social Distancing Could Slow Down Spread Of Coronavirus, Doctors Say - CBS Baltimore"
"First known person-to-person transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in the USA - The Lancet"
"What is a pandemic? - Livescience.com"
"The Art of Socializing During a Quarantine - The Atlantic"
"Coronavirus in New Mexico: Five activities families can do while practicing social distancing - Farmington Daily Times"
"The Government We Need During the Coronavirus Pandemic - Project On Government Oversight"
"Life Under Coronavirus Quarantine - The New Yorker"
"How to Talk to Your Kids About COVID-19 - Michigan Medicine"
"How to practice social distancing during the coronavirus pandemic - MIT Technology Review"
"Health Care Workers Make the Most of Medical Masks in COVID-19 Response - Contagionlive.com"
"Spain may be a week ahead of the U.S. in its coronavirus quarantine: Here's what you can learn from its experience - MarketWatch"
"Four CA Firefighters Infected with Coronavirus; Nearly 80 FFs Quarantined - Firehouse.com"
"Can you be forced into quarantine? Your questions, answered - Salt Lake Tribune"
"Social Distancing Is Good For You--But It's Great for Your Community - Vogue"
"What Can Hospitals Do to Prepare for COVID-19 Cases? - Michigan Medicine"
"'I stay at home': Italy hardens emergency COVID-19 measures - Healio"
"IDT's Fast Scale Up of Kits Primes SARS-CoV-2 Detection - Clinical OMICs News"
"What it really means to practice social distancing - The List"
"What you should know about social distancing, self-quarantine and self-isolation - WGME"
"Coronavirus self-quarantine: When and how to do it - Los Angeles Times"
"Containing COVID-19 Is Our Highest Priority - Cleveland Clinic Newsroom - Health Essentials from Cleveland Clinic"
"Malta Imposes 14-Day Quarantine on All Arrivals in Bid to Stop Coronavirus - U.S. News & World Report"
"A Brain Hack to Break the Coronavirus Anxiety Cycle - The New York Times"
"Coronavirus and the Isolation Paradox - The New York Times"
"COVID-19 - The Phoenix"
"Coronavirus updates: Stocks surge as Trump declares national emergency amid pandemic - CBS News"
"5 Colorado ski area employees enter coronavirus quarantine - Colorado Springs Gazette"
"China Spins Tale That the U.S. Army Started the Coronavirus Epidemic - The New York Times"
"Self-Quarantine? Social Distancing? Doctors explain what you need to know - FOX 35 Orlando"
"How much is coronavirus spreading under the radar? - Nature.com"
"The Latest News On The Coronavirus Pandemic In The Technology Industry - CRN: Technology news for channel partners and solution providers"
"Study: SARS-CoV-2 Coronavirus Spreads Quickly, Sometimes Before People Have Symptoms | Medicine - Sci-News.com"
"Fort Drum soldiers to enter two-week quarantine after returning from South Korea - syracuse.com"
"Your Guide to the COVID-19 Coronavirus Pandemic - NBC 6 South Florida"
"Why Staying Home Saves Lives: Flattening The Pandemic's Curve' : Shots - Health News - NPR"
"Coronavirus and social distancing: is it risky to go to the pub or gym? - The Guardian"
"Special Report: What You Need To Know About Coronavirus - NPR"
"Modernizing Meat Production Will Help Us Avoid Pandemics - WIRED"
"What a coronavirus quarantine could do to your mental health - National Post"
"Trump Declares Virus Pandemic A National Emergency - News On 6"
"3 ways the coronavirus pandemic could reshape education - World Economic Forum"
"Coronavirus: Inmates quarantined at Santa Clara County jail after defense attorney tests positive - The Mercury News"
"Can't pay your power bill? Don't worry, you're safe for now as California utilities suspend shutoffs - CALmatters"
"How to keep coronavirus fears from affecting your mental health - CNN"
"Update on COVID-19 in King County for March 13, 2020 - King County"
"COVID-19 patient Carl Goldman has been in quarantine for over a month - Insider - INSIDER"
"Washington reports 5 new coronavirus deaths, Trump says UK could be added to EU travel ban - CNBC"
"Testing For Coronavirus In South Korea: Just Pull Up At A Drive-Through Center : Goats and Soda - NPR"
"Detroit to open coronavirus quarantine center for homeless - Detroit Free Press"
"How teachers can talk to children about coronavirus disease (COVID-19) - UNICEF"
"Latest COVID-19 News from MSF - Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) International"
"WHO: Europe now world's COVID-19 epicenter - CIDRAP"
"8 Things Parents Should Know About The Coronavirus: Life Kit - NPR"
"The 4 Key Reasons the U.S. Is So Behind on Coronavirus Testing - The Atlantic"
"Texas Judge Self-Quarantines After Defendant Claims Coronavirus Exposure | Texas Lawyer - Law.com"
"Tracking known coronavirus deaths and cases in D.C., Maryland and Virginia - The Washington Post"
"The COVID Denominator - JPHMP Direct"
"Social justice in a time of social distancing - scalawagmagazine.org"
"They've Contained the Coronavirus. Here's How. - The New York Times"
"How does quarantine prevent the spread of COVID-19? - World Economic Forum"
"South Korea's virus response is the opposite of China's - and it works - South China Morning Post"
"Self-Quarantine Or Just Staying Home, You Can Still Eat Very Well - Forbes"
"What does quarantine mean? - Livescience.com"
"The World Needs Masks. China Makes Them, but Has Been Hoarding Them. - The New York Times"
"Lilly taps AbCellera to get coronavirus drug into clinic in 4 months - FierceBiotech"
"Human Coronavirus Types | US News - U.S. News & World Report"
"What Is a Quarantine? - WIRED"
"Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: FDA gives flexibility to New York State Department of Health, FDA issues Emergency Use Authorization diagnostic - FDA.gov"
"Harvard experts say Massachusetts may need 1.4 million COVID tests - Harvard Gazette"
"Kentucky Coronavirus Tracker: Maps, charts and data about COVID-19 cases in Kentucky - Lexington Herald Leader"
"Don't forget the lessons of 1918 Influenza Pandemic - Lexington Dispatch"
"100 useful things you can do to kill boredom if you're quarantined at home because of coronavirus - i-D"
"Orlando Bloom coming home to self-quarantine - CNN"
"5 lessons for using universal basic income during a pandemic - Brookings Institution"
"Books about pandemics to read in the time of coronavirus - Tampa Bay Times"
"FDA Issues Emergency Authorization For Cobas SARS-CoV-2 Test - Contagionlive.com"
"Tracking the pandemic means finding the 'canaries in the coalmine' - Yale News"
"'Social distancing' shouldn't mean losing human connection - The Washington Post"
"New CPT code announced to report novel coronavirus test - American Medical Association"
"Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: FDA Issues Emergency Use Authorization to Thermo Fisher - FDA.gov"
"Two Women Fell Sick From the Coronavirus. One Survived. - The New York Times"
"An American woman in Italy has advice for life under countrywide quarantine: Follow the rules - CNN"
"6 ways you can make the most of staying home for a while - Bangor Daily News"
"Anxiety over coronavirus testing reaches a new level as American life comes to a near-halt - CNN"
"Preventing the spread of the coronavirus through self quarantine and self isolation - WWLP.com"
"U.S. Considers How to Enforce Coronavirus Quarantines - The Wall Street Journal"
"Social distancing: What it is and why it's the best tool we have to fight the coronavirus - The Conversation US"
"How to Stop a Coronavirus Anxiety Spiral - WIRED"
"Coronavirus shopping list: Your essential quarantine items - Los Angeles Times"
"In creating a coronavirus vaccine, researchers prepare for future - Harvard Gazette"
"Luminex Provides Update on SARS-CoV-2 Validation Testing Efforts - BioSpace"
"Information From Past Pandemics, And What We Can Learn: A Literature Review - Zillow Research"
"What Does It Mean To Self-Quarantine, And How Are People Handling It? - KJZZ"
"Why do dozens of diseases wax and wane with the seasons--and will COVID-19? - Science Magazine"
"Mapping the Social Network of Coronavirus - The New York Times"
"Apple's COVID-19 Response - Apple Newsroom"
"European Coordinated Response on Coronavirus: Q&A - EU News"
"News on the Coronavirus COVID-19 Impact on Atlanta Restaurants and Bars - Eater Atlanta"
"Did an experimental drug help a U.S. coronavirus patient? - Science Magazine"
"Coronavirus: Europe is now epicentre of COVID-19 pandemic, says WHO chief - Sky News"
"Understanding COVID-19: Why Does Social Distancing Work? - NBC Bay Area"
"Michigan National Guard explains role Fort Custer could play as quarantine center - WWMT-TV"
"FDNY has 38 members under quarantine for coronavirus - New York Post"
"What to do if you need to self-quarantine because of coronavirus - CBS News"
"Communicating Through the Coronavirus Crisis - Harvard Business Review"
"Tracking a pandemic: Q&A with a COVID-19 detective - Fred Hutch News Service"
"Cuomo: Daughter in precautionary coronavirus quarantine; NY cases top 400 - Auburn Citizen"
"20 Pandemic And Epidemic Diseases, According to WHO | Best Countries - U.S. News & World Report"
"Coronavirus: quarantined Italians sing from balconies to lift spirits - video - The Guardian"
"Separate the sick from the healthy: Why social distancing works - NBC News"
"Data Sharing and Open Source Software Help Combat Covid-19 - WIRED"
"Coronavirus: The psychological effects of being quarantined - WLOS"
"The Moral Dilemma of Coronavirus Quarantines - TIME"
"Trump declares coronavirus outbreak a national emergency - The Washington Post"
"Antibodies from COVID-19 survivors could be used to treat patients, protect those at risk - The Hub at Johns Hopkins"
"Coronavirus preparedness: How to stock up for a possible 14-day quarantine? It's not just toilet paper, folks. - NJ.com"
"FDA Issues Emergency Use Authorization for Roche SARS-CoV-2 Test - 360Dx"
"I ran the White House pandemic office. Trump closed it. - The Washington Post"
"China's Draconian Lockdown Is Getting Credit for Slowing Coronavirus. Would It Work Anywhere Else? - TIME"
"That Picture Of the Coronavirus Isn't Quite Accurate | Elemental - Elemental"
"Coronavirus has you social distancing? Here's how to stay sane while working from home - AZCentral"