"Coronavirus Cost to Businesses and Workers: 'It Has All Gone to Hell' - The New York Times"
"This pandemic risks bringing out the worst in humanity - CNN"
"Philadelphia didn't cancel a parade during a 1918 pandemic. The results were devastating - CNN"
"Coronavirus: 'Please stay at home' - BBC News"
"Coronavirus Risk Doesn't Stop at Your Front Door - The Atlantic"
"Tom Hanks channels Mr. Rogers during coronavirus quarantine - Fox News"
"Federal vaccine development sites ill-suited to counter covid-19 epidemic - The Washington Post"
"Coronavirus self-quarantine: When and how to do it - Meadville Tribune"
"9 Ways To Stay Positive During The Coronavirus Pandemic - Forbes"
"Americans are hitting bars and bragging about not social distancing - Mashable"
"FDA issues EUA to Roche's SARS-CoV-2 Test - BSA bureau"
"Friendships in the Age of Quarantine - The Atlantic"
"Remarks by President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Members of the Coronavirus Task Force in Press Briefing - Whitehouse.gov"
"What Is The Treatment For COVID-19 Patients? A Doctor Explains - NPR"
"Immunoassays for SARS-CoV-2 to be Evaluated by FIND - 360Dx"
"Reusing masks may increase your risk of coronavirus infection, expert says - News-Medical.net"
"Keep your distance: What social distancing means, and why you're being asked to do it - CBC.ca"
"The coronavirus-required quarantines and social distancing aren't easy when you live alone - NBCNews.com"
"Oklahoma governor who faced backlash over 'packed' restaurant tweet now declares state of emergency - CNN"
"Inside China's campaign to blame the U.S. for the coronavirus pandemic - MarketWatch"
"5 Ways to Help Your Community Combat Coronavirus (While Still Social Distancing) - The New York Times"
"U.S. sees largest one-day increase in coronavirus death toll since the outbreak began; San Francisco area asked to shelter at home - The Washington Post"
"SARS-CoV-2 in people and the environment: What's coming? | TheHill - The Hill"
"Coronavirus quarantine has serious mental health implications - Quartz"
"A dystopian reading list: books to enjoy while in quarantine - The Guardian"
"In the Battle Against Coronavirus, Humanity Lacks Leadership - TIME"
"As social distancing measure, Starbucks temporarily shifts to 'to go' model in US and Canada - TechCrunch"
"Venezuela orders 'social quarantine' in response to coronavirus - Reuters"
"Coronavirus: Seven Ways Collective Intelligence Is Tackling the Pandemic - Singularity Hub"
"'A ticking time bomb': Scientists worry about coronavirus spread in Africa - Science Magazine"
"Coronavirus: Parts of San Quentin prison in quarantine - Los Angeles Times"
"Social distancing: What it means and why it's important to you - Inverse"
"Coronavirus: The math behind why we need social distancing, starting right now - Vox.com"
"Can't Travel? 55 Things People Aged 55+ Can Do When They're Practicing Social Distancing - Forbes"
"Coronavirus vaccine starts clinical trial in the US on Monday - Daily Mail"
"US coronavirus death toll reaches 61 as cities, states close bars and other venues - ABC News"
"Analysis: Trump says the pandemic crisis was 'unforeseen' -- but lots of people foresaw it - CNN"
"Can You Get Coronavirus Twice? How Long Are You Immune After COVID-19? - Forbes"
"Here's what's happening in the world besides the coronavirus pandemic - The Washington Post"
"Coronavirus: A workplace that brings many people together defies logic of social distancing - Economic Times"
"C.D.C. Gives New Guidelines, New York to Close Restaurants and Schools and Italian Deaths Rise - The New York Times"
"The incompetence pandemic - POLITICO"
"Coronavirus Outbreak: Here's why you should practice 'social distancing' - KGO-TV"
"Calif. governor calls for the closure of bars and wineries - Restaurant Business Online"
"The Coronavirus Called America's Bluff - The Atlantic"
"EPA Releases List of Disinfectants for Use Against SARS-CoV-2 - Water & Wastes Digest"
"Update on COVID-19 in King County for March 15, 2020 - King County"
"Inside Your Health: Social distancing - KSTP"
"How to deal with your partner/child/parent in quarantine - Quartz"
"Five UCSB students under quarantine after coming into contact with COVID-19 patient - KSBY San Luis Obispo News"
"'Social Distancing' in the City That Never Sleeps - The Wall Street Journal"
"How to cope with the stress of social distancing - Omaha World-Herald"
"COVID-19 Daily Update 3-16-2020 - West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources"
"Vietnam requires face mask wearing in public places for coronavirus prevention - Xinhua | English.news.cn - Xinhua"
"From self-quarantine, Sen. Cruz calls to talk about COVID-19 pandemic - WFAA.com"
"A coronavirus pandemic is sweeping the world, but what exactly is a virus? Is it alive? - USA TODAY"
"The best thing everyday Americans can do to fight coronavirus? #StayHome, save lives - USA TODAY"
"Coronavirus: why are we cancelling large gatherings? And what other 'social distancing' options are left? - The Conversation AU"
"A visual history of pandemics - World Economic Forum"
"In coronavirus fight, Kansas and Missouri hold 'awesome' powers to isolate you - Wichita Eagle"
"'We Call for Calm': Mexico's Restrained Response to the Coronavirus - The New York Times"
"Beijing to send all travelers from abroad to central quarantine facility for 14 days - Reuters"
"CDC recommends canceling events with 50 or more people for the next eight weeks throughout US - CNBC"
"Coronavirus: Five ways hospitals will change to tackle the pandemic - BBC News"
"March 15 coronavirus news - CNN"
"In Afghanistan, Coronavirus Complicates War and Peace - The New York Times"
"South Korea Rations Face Masks in Coronavirus Fight - The Wall Street Journal"
"COVID-19 Strategies and Policies of the World's Largest Companies - Gallup"
"Inside the National Quarantine Center, There Is No Fear of Coronavirus. There Is Only Urgency. - Esquire"
"What Should You Do if You Are Quarantined? - Inside Edition"
"While practicing social distancing, how close should you get to loved ones? - WTOP"
"Bay Area Woman Worries About Parents Quarantined At Georgia Air Force Base - CBS San Francisco"
"New Coronavirus Study Shows How Long It Survives On Different Surfaces - Forbes"
"Government official: Coronavirus vaccine trial starts Monday - The Associated Press"
"COVID-19: Who Is Infectious? - Forbes"
"Drive-through coronavirus testing available by appointment at Stanford Health Care - Stanford Medical Center Report"
"Covering COVID-19: Following the pandemic and its effects in Athens - The Post"
"Italy reports 368 coronavirus deaths in 24 hours: Latest updates - Al Jazeera English"
"The Secret to Keeping Your Kids Happy, Busy and Learning if Their School Closes Due to Coronavirus - TIME"
"Social Distancing Means Skipping Brunch, But It Will Save Lives - Refinery29"
"How to social distance: What experts say is safe -- and not safe -- during the coronavirus outbreak - The Boston Globe"
"Coronavirus Social-Distancing Forces Painful Choices on Small Businesses - The Wall Street Journal"
"Social Distancing Is Not Enough to Stop the Coronavirus - New York Magazine"
"What is social distancing? Understanding the best tool to fight the coronavirus - NBC4 WCMH-TV"
"Coronavirus doesn't kill the party in Michigan. And that has many worried. - Bridge Michigan"
"Returning US Soldiers Begin Quarantine - WLTZ 38 NBC"
"Tracking the Impact of the Coronavirus on the U.S. - The New York Times"
"What is social distancing? - NEWS10 ABC"
"Coronavirus: How to protect your mental health - BBC News"
"Coronavirus: Nigerian celebrities wear blinged-up masks - BBC News"
"Heidi Klum finally tested for coronavirus, is practicing social distancing with her family - USA TODAY"
"Spirituality in a time of quarantine - Religion News Service"
"NIH Reports First Known Employee with COVID-19 Infection - National Institutes of Health"
"Trump administration weighing more steps to encourage social distancing for Americans - CNN"
"How Wikipedia Prevents the Spread of Coronavirus Misinformation - WIRED"
"'I survived a self-quarantine. Here's what to know if it happens to you' - vtdigger.org"
"How to help your favorite small businesses survive the coronavirus crisis - CNN"
"Spiking U.S. coronavirus cases could force rationing decisions similar to those made in Italy, China - The Washington Post"
"My boss says I have to work from home because of coronavirus pandemic. Do I have to? - The San Diego Union-Tribune"
"Beijing Will Quarantine All Overseas Arrivals From Midnight - Bloomberg"
"US takes more big pandemic response steps; Europe COVID-19 cases soar - CIDRAP"
"Cases of COVID-19 confirmed in Allegany County - WKBW-TV"
"NSC says rumors of a national quarantine are 'FAKE' - New York Post"
"Here's how the government can enforce quarantine rules - CNN"
"Lessons of the 1918 Flu Pandemic and Today's Homeland Security - JEMS.com"
"#HighRiskCovid19: Online campaign urges social distancing respect - Al Jazeera English"
"Walczak: \"Social distancing\" is critical right now, not later on - Dorchester Reporter"
"Coronavirus: Dockweiler Beach could be a quarantine zone - Los Angeles Times"
"Social distancing: What it is and why it's the best tool we have to fight the coronavirus - Baltimore Sun"