"Surgeon general releases video demonstrating how to make face masks - WAFB"
"How will the global coronavirus pandemic end? - CBC.ca"
"Where 'Quarantine' Comes From - VOA Learning English"
"Why these 8 Republican governors are holding out on statewide stay-at-home orders - CNN"
"U.S. May Get More Ventilators But Run Out Of Medicine For COVID-19 Patients - NPR"
"States may be reopening, but many still require travelers to self-quarantine. Here's where - USA TODAY"
"Greece quarantines second migrant camp after COVID-19 case confirmed - Reuters"
"Hotel quarantine a 'disaster' and vulnerable people should be allowed home, doctor says - The Guardian"
"Here's How Well Maryland Complies With Stay-At-Home Order - Annapolis, MD Patch"
"Coronavirus: Florida prepared for a pandemic. Then the cuts came. - Tampa Bay Times"
"Here's How Well Virginia, DC Comply With Stay-At-Home Order - Patch.com"
"What is social distancing, and why does it matter? - Farmington Daily Times"
"\"We've got to get the country open,\" Trump says as coronavirus cases top 300,000 nationwide - CBS News"
"430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced - The New York Times"
"CDC: How to make your own cloth face mask - WWLP.com"
"Wider use of face masks for COVID-19 protection recommended by governor, CDC - KRDO"
"More people turning to at-home gardening during stay-at-home order - KY3"
"COVID-19: What you need to know about the coronavirus pandemic on 4 April - World Economic Forum"
"Inside A Coronavirus Quarantine Unit At Rikers - HuffPost"
"Life in a small town, coping with Alabama's 'stay at home' order - WBRC"
"How to make your own face mask - WJXT News4JAX"
"April 5 coronavirus news - CNN"
"State reports 6th death, 281 COVID-19 cases Saturday - Great Falls Tribune"
"Campaign asks groups, individuals to pledge to stay at home - Fox17"
"Coronavirus Case Counts Are Meaningless* - FiveThirtyEight"
"To help stop coronavirus, everyone should be wearing face masks. The science is clear - The Guardian"
"Coronavirus: Pandemic fact v pandemic fiction? - BBC News"
"Can India Contain the Pandemic? - Scientific American"
"Recommendations for a homemade cloth mask - KWCH"
"Stay-At-Home Orders to Fight COVID-19 in the United States: The Risks of a Scattershot Approach - Kaiser Family Foundation"
"CDC begins studies for more precise count of undetected Covid-19 cases - STAT"
"COVID-19 Ventilator Deaths High; A New World of Research - MedPage Today"
"Should California Throw Out Environmental Rules To Help Businesses During Quarantine? 'That's Not Happening,' Governor's Office Says. - Capital Public Radio News"
"'We Have A Purpose': Miami Uniform Business Cranks Out Protective Face Masks - CBS Miami"
"Hobby Lobby closes its stores after defying coronavirus stay-at-home orders - ABC News"
"Taiwan's coronavirus response is among the best globally - CNN"
"What to do while social distancing - Johns Hopkins News-Letter"
"Social distancing guidance for business - gov.scot - Scottish Government News"
"Mass isolation and quarantine ordered for COVID-19 patients in Contra Costa County - KRON4"
"Social distancing tips: 15 ways to stay both sane and safe - Press Publications Inc."
"Tips to keep your dog mentally and physically healthy during quarantine - KING5.com"
"Stay at home - Thegardenisland.com"
"'I have a smile on my face underneath this mask.' - Wall Street Journal"
"Clinical characteristics and outcomes of patients undergoing surgeries during the incubation period of COVID-19 infection - The Lancet"
"Confirmed coronavirus cases top 300,000 in U.S. as Fauci stresses social distancing is 'our most important tool' - The Washington Post"
"What Studies Reveal About Social Distancing And Remote Working During Coronavirus - Forbes"
"Some cities see jumps in domestic violence during the pandemic - CNN"
"A Texas City Mandates People Wear Masks in Public or Face $1,000 Fines - TIME"
"The Latest: Trump orders 3M to meet FEMA's mask needs - KELOLAND.com"
"Will SARS-CoV-2 have a long-term impact on the climate? - Ars Technica"
"US COVID-19 total tops 300000; European nations eye longer lockdown - CIDRAP"
"Coronavirus: Czech Republic imposed a face mask requirement and the U.S should too. - USA TODAY"
"Larry David, Master of His Quarantine - The New York Times"
"Should you wear, or make, a mask? Health experts now say yes. - Salt Lake Tribune"
"Use your stay-at-home time to plan your Maine vacation - Bangor Daily News"
"After weeks at home, readers share their stay-at-home projects - LancasterOnline"
"Israelis told to wear face masks in public. Here's how to do it - Haaretz"
"Social distancing and mental health - WDTN.com"
"Coronavirus cases in US go past 300,000: Live updates - Al Jazeera English"
"Target Implements New Measures In Effort To Promote Social Distancing - CBS Baltimore"
"Vela Diagnostics to Offer Manual ViroKey SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR Test - HospiMedica"
"What It Will Take To Beat The Coronavirus Pandemic - Forbes"
"Coronavirus Strands China's Students, in a Dilemma for Beijing - The New York Times"
"April 3 coronavirus news - CNN"
"These 'disease hunters' developed a novel technique for tracking pandemics after 9/11, but lost funding right before COVID-19 - CNBC"
"For the Asking, Quarantine-Approved Dates - The New York Times"
"Will Illinois's Stay-at-Home Order Reduce Gun Violence in Chicago? - The Trace"
"\"America First\" Is a Dangerous Fantasy in a Pandemic - Foreign Affairs Magazine"
"Why a national quarantine will not be the solution to the coronavirus | TheHill - The Hill"
"How to make face masks at home, 3 ways for all skill levels (videos) - oregonlive.com"
"Coronavirus and Paid Sick Leave: A Quarantined Uber Driver's Quest - The New York Times"
"All across the United States, the coronavirus is killing more men than women, data show - The Washington Post"
"How to make your own face mask to help stop the spread of the coronavirus - USA TODAY"
"Brooks mandates masks for patients, staff | News, Sports, Jobs - Evening Observer"
"Trump, GOP challenge efforts to make voting easier amid coronavirus pandemic - The Washington Post"
"Memories of the 1918 Pandemic From Those Who Survived - The New York Times"
"Coronavirus sparks a 'war for masks' in desperate global scramble for protection - CNN"
"Trump Proceeds With Post-Impeachment Purge Amid Pandemic - The New York Times"