"The Psychological Reason Why Some People Aren't Following COVID-19 Quarantine Orders - Forbes"
"When can Covid-19 patients leave isolation? It's complicated. - The Daily Briefing"
"Concern grows that COVID-19 disproportionately impacts minorities, but the data is incomplete - The CT Mirror"
"Three VA Health Workers Have Died of COVID-19. 776 Have Tested Positive. - GovExec.com"
"Current COVID-19 antibody tests aren't accurate enough for mass screening, say Oxford researchers - FierceBiotech"
"Empty hotels 'keep the lights on' by converting into coronavirus quarantines, emergency housing for first responders - CNBC"
"Hundreds of young Americans have now been killed by the coronavirus, data shows - The Washington Post"
"As social distancing shows signs of working, what's next? Crush the curve, experts say. - The Washington Post"
"Hydroxychloroquine for SARS-CoV-2 Infection: How Did We Get Here? - Infectious Disease Advisor"
"Prospects for a Coronavirus Vaccine: 10 Blocks podcast - City Journal"
"Are masks effective at preventing the spread of SARS-CoV-2? - The Science Board"
"Covid-19 risk factors: Age, underlying conditions, genetics, and unknowns - Vox.com"
"Etsy CEO says 20,000 of its shops are now selling face masks following CDC recommendation - CNBC"
"Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: FDA Warns Seller Marketing Dangerous Chlorine Dioxide Products that Claim to Treat or Prevent COVID-19 - FDA.gov"
"Social scientists scramble to study pandemic, in real time - Science Magazine"
"Smokers have more ACE2 receptors making it easier for SARS-CoV-2 to infect - News-Medical.Net"
"How long will the COVID-19 quarantine last? Business research provides insight - Medical Xpress"
"Minnesotans Find Creative Ways To Stay Busy Amid Stay-At-Home Order - CBS Minnesota"
"For survivors of severe COVID-19, beating the virus is just the beginning - Science Magazine"
"As pandemic deepens, Trump cycles through targets to blame - The Associated Press"
"What's asymptomatic transmission? Can I socialize after self-quarantine? - WDIV ClickOnDetroit"
"Quarantine livestreams and virtual concerts: a new take on live music - Vox.com"
"DIY projects you can do while under quarantine during coronavirus pandemic - THV11.com KTHV"
"The good, the bad, and the ugly of industries devastated by social distancing - WKMG News 6 & ClickOrlando"
"Opinion | A second, hidden pandemic will follow covid-19. We need to plan for it. - The Washington Post"
"Authorities, 3M cracking down on phony N95 masks. Here's how to spot fakes. - Chicago Tribune"
"COVID-19 Worldwide: The Pandemic's Impact On The Economy And Markets - Forbes"
"April 8 coronavirus news - CNN"
"DOH Collier warns if social distancing doesn't continue, the peak will be worse - Wink News"
"Advice for parents on how to manage stress during stay-at-home order from Wedgwood Christian Services - WOODTV.com"
"Pacific Biosciences Shares Spike on SARS-CoV-2 Research Initiatives - GenomeWeb"
"How effective is quarantine alone or in combination with other public health measures to control coronavirus (COVID-19)? - Science Daily"
"Coronavirus: L.A. mandates masks. What you need to know - Los Angeles Times"
"Should masks be mandatory? City and county officials weigh in - WCJB"
"Fake cops stop drivers for violating coronavirus stay-at-home orders - USA TODAY"
"Social science can explain why some young people are disregarding social distancing guidelines - Purdue News Service"
"Newsom undecided on California stay-at-home order duration - Los Angeles Times"
"Providence St. Mary Center hosting another mask and face shield drop off event April 9th - FOX 11 and FOX 41"
"Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update: Daily Roundup April 8, 2020 - FDA.gov"
"Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19): Situation Report - 79 (8 April 2020) - World - ReliefWeb"
"The Coronavirus (SARS CoV2) pandemic-wildlife link. Putting it in context - University of Birmingham"
"STS Develops Resource Utilization Tool for Cardiac Surgery During COVID-19 - Newswise"
"US Trying 'Urgently' to Stave Off Coronavirus Outbreak in NE Syria - VOA News"
"The Best Materials For DIY Face Masks And Filters - HuffPost"
"A Look At How Police Are Cracking Down On Stay-At-Home Order Scofflaws - CBS Chicago"
"On The Trail: Global Pandemic Edition : 1A - NPR"
"The Coronavirus Pandemic is Pushing Dairy Farmers to the Brink - Civil Eats"
"New Jersey orders residents to wear masks in grocery stores | TheHill - The Hill"
"How to Open Streets Right During Social Distancing - Streetsblog New York"
"What to use to make a homemade mask for coronavirus and how to wear it - The Washington Post"
"How to make a coronavirus mask out of a sock - Los Angeles Times"
"First-wave COVID-19 transmissibility and severity in China outside Hubei after control measures, and second-wave scenario planning: a modelling impact assessment - The Lancet"
"Supporting Customer Service Through the Coronavirus Crisis - Harvard Business Review"
"Experts warned of a pandemic decades ago. Why weren't we ready? - National Geographic"
"Protective Face Masks by Local Brands and Designers - Mpls.St.Paul Magazine"
"A billionaire art collector will distribute 10 million face masks in vending machines around Hong Kong - CNN"
"When a Gaming Fantasy Is Eerily Close to Reality - The New York Times"
"Quarantine used to be a normal part of life - and wasn't much liked then, either - The Conversation UK"
"Scientific papers on novel coronavirus doubling every 14 days - Quartz"
"What Can We Learn From the Art of Pandemics Past? - The New York Times"
"What it's like inside a Hong Kong coronavirus quarantine camp - CNN"
"Why is everyone suddenly a social distancing expert? | Opinion - South Florida Sun Sentinel"
"UCF hopes to create mask coating that catches, kills COVID-19 - WKMG News 6 & ClickOrlando"
"Border Checkpoints Discourage Travelers Between States - The Pew Charitable Trusts"
"Stay At Home Order Extended to May 4, Restaurants and Bars Stay Closed - Eater Twin Cities"
"Coronavirus In Chicago: When Will Stay At Home End? Officials Won't Give Timeline For Now - Block Club Chicago"
"Cleaning and reusing hospital masks: Is it safe? - CALmatters"
"What Happens When People Violate A Quarantine Or Isolation Order? - St. Louis Public Radio"
"How Are Parents Supposed to Deal With Joint Custody Right Now? - The Atlantic"
"Where to buy face masks for yourself and others - TODAY"
"QAnon conspiracy theories about the coronavirus pandemic are a public health threat - The Conversation CA"
"Lawmakers Sidelined by Coronavirus Exit Quarantine - The Wall Street Journal"
"COVID-19 Daily Briefing: Extended 'stay at home' order aims to buy preparation time ahead of state's peak - KSTP"
"DIY: Three-Ingredient Disposable Face Mask - Jackson Free Press"
"Children's story book released to help children and young people cope with COVID-19 - World Health Organization"
"Stop covid or save the economy? We can do both. - MIT Technology Review"
"How the coronavirus pandemic is affecting job searching - SmartBrief"
"Social distancing increased over the course of human history - but so did empathy and new ways to connect - The Conversation US"
"New Social Distancing Measures in Hong Kong Amidst the COVID-19 Crisis - How are Businesses being Affected? - JD Supra"
"Shelter in Place: What It Really Means and How It Actually Affects You - GoodHousekeeping.com"
"Federal Support Ends For Coronavirus Testing Sites As Pandemic Peak Nears - NPR"
"Fatal crashes spike during 'stay at home' order on Minnesota roadways - KSTP"
"Facial recognition is no match for face masks, but things are changing fast - VentureBeat"
"Business owners uncertain about relief aid during stay-at-home order - KAAL"
"Critical in a public health crisis, COVID-19 has hit local newsrooms hard - Brookings Institution"
"Data Protection and the Pandemic: What We Can Learn for Future Policy - AAF - American Action Forum"
"Local burger restaurant feeding kids, seniors in need during COVID-19 outbreak - WSLS 10"
"When will California stay at home orders end? Not soon - Los Angeles Times"
"Advice on the use of point-of-care immunodiagnostic tests for COVID-19 - World Health Organization"
"'Choose your quarantine house' game is the newest meme on social media - Insider - INSIDER"
"Coronavirus | Migrant workers slip out of Bihar quarantine centres at night, return by day - The Hindu"
"Some Fishing Added To The List Of Unessential Activities During Stay-At-Home - Capital Public Radio News"
"Joint Leaders' statement - Violence against children: A hidden crisis of the COVID-19 pandemic - World Health Organization"
"States Competing For Resources; Why Some COVID Patients Crash : Consider This from NPR - NPR"
"Coronavirus: EU global response to fight the pandemic - EU News"
"Pandemic upends pot legalization - POLITICO"
"Pollution made the pandemic worse, but lockdowns clean the sky - National Geographic"
"During coronavirus pandemic, does golfing violate Atlanta's stay-at-home order? - Curbed Atlanta"
"Think You're Eating More During The Stay-At-Home Orders? Experts Do, Too. - Capital Public Radio News"
"InBios International Gets FDA Emergency Use Authorization for SARS-CoV-2 Kit - GenomeWeb"
"The Face Mask Debate Reveals a Scientific Double Standard - WIRED"
"Science Aloud: Preprint Describes Human Monoclonal Antibody That Blocks SARS-CoV-2 - Technology Networks"
"Don't Expect a Coronavirus Quarantine Baby Boom - The New York Times"
"Outrunning COVID-19 twice - TechCrunch"
"Cyberattacks continue to mount during COVID-19 pandemic - Healthcare IT News"
"Coronavirus origin: Few leads, many theories in hunt for source - Al Jazeera English"
"Beware of the second wave of COVID-19 - The Lancet"
"Pandemic Delays Federal Probe Into Medicare Advantage Health Plans - Kaiser Health News"
"Coronavirus updates from April 8, 2020 - CBS News"
"Want to Stop the Next Pandemic? Start Protecting Wildlife Habitats - TIME"
"Ventilators are overused for Covid-19 patients, doctors say - STAT - STAT"
"A buyback program could be the answer to mask shortages - CNN"
"Got fish? Donation program connects Sitkans with seafood during pandemic - KCAW"
"Why the way you wear your coronavirus face mask matters too - WHYY"
"Coronavirus widow left 'starving' for human interaction during quarantine, mayor says - WKMG News 6 & ClickOrlando"
"The Pandemic Feeds Tech Companies' Power - The New York Times"
"How a SARS patient's antibody binds to the COVID-19 virus - Chemical & Engineering News"
"Coronavirus: 23 Canadians being held at federal quarantine sites, officials say - Globalnews.ca"
"Global coronavirus cases cross 1.5 million, 2.4 million Californians have applied for unemployment since March 12 - CNBC"
"Researchers share perspectives on coronavirus pandemic - EurekAlert"
"France is officially working on 'Stop Covid' contact-tracing app - TechCrunch"
"Anger as forced quarantine extended in Kenya - cgtn.com"
"Experts: COVID-19 pandemic unlikely to ebb as weather warms - CIDRAP"
"COVID lockdown is world's biggest psychological experiment - World Economic Forum"
"The Best Hopes for a Coronavirus Drug - The Atlantic"
"During pandemic, increase in number of suspicious pro tennis matches - Waterbury Republican American"
"Coronavirus in Tennessee: Franklin extends stay-at-home order additional week - Tennessean"
"Pandemic cases hit 1.5 million; WHO head dismisses Trump criticism - CIDRAP"
"To Curb the Coronavirus, Hong Kong Tells the World Masks Work - The Wall Street Journal"
"When will life return to normal? Expert says US testing is too far behind to know, expects second wave of cases - USA TODAY"
"How Diseases Spread: Ways People Have Tried to Explain Pandemics Through History - History"
"Advice For Separated Families Managing Childcare During Stay-At-Home Orders - NPR"
"These fashion companies are trying to develop better masks - Fast Company"
"As hospitals beg for protective gear, manufacturers are banding together to churn out plastic face shields - CNBC"
"The art of the deal: California's alliance could solve the nation's mask shortage - CALmatters"
"Women Are Losing More Jobs In Coronavirus Shutdowns - NPR"
"A bridge between life and death: Most COVID-19 patients put on ventilators will not survive - USA TODAY"
"Why Coronavirus Conspiracy Theories Flourish. And Why It Matters. - The New York Times"
"Ohio's Updated Stay-At-Home Order To Combat Pandemic Will Disrupt Businesses - JD Supra"
"Returning Venezuelans face 'nightmare' coronavirus quarantine - Al Jazeera English"
"College of Pharmacy Researcher Dr. Martin D'Souza Investigating Microparticle COVID-19 Vaccine - Mercer News"
"Fun things to do in quarantine - News - The Columbus Dispatch"
"Studies Show N.Y. Outbreak Originated in Europe - The New York Times"
"Trump Slammed the W.H.O. Over Coronavirus. He's Not Alone. - The New York Times"
"What's the difference between Michigan's stay-at-home order and state of emergency? - MLive.com"
"Paul Singer Warned Employees on Feb. 1 to Prepare for Quarantine - Bloomberg"
"Google is offering Stadia for free to quarantined gamers - The Next Web"
"Pacific Biosciences Powers SARS-CoV-2 Research at Commercial, Academic and Government Labs - GlobeNewswire"
"Are Adults Living With Parents Making the Pandemic More Deadly? - The New York Times"
"Can Coal Survive the Coronavirus? - Scientific American"
"Pope says coronavirus pandemic could be nature's response to climate crisis - CNN"
"It's Okay to Be a Different Kind of Parent During the Pandemic - The Atlantic"
"Stay at Home Order Expanded - KSAL"
"The consumer after COVID-19 - Retail Dive"
"The Verge's best and worst coronavirus masks - The Verge"
"Stanford Medicine offers high-priority COVID-19 testing and new app to first responders - Stanford Medical Center Report"
"Newegg Giving Away Free Face Masks With US Orders - Tom's Hardware"
"China's Coronavirus Battle Is Waning. Its Propaganda Fight Is Not. - The New York Times"
"US coronavirus deaths pass 14,000, but future projections are better than expected - CNN"
"The mysterious connection between the coronavirus and the heart - Livescience.com"
"County health officials say social distancing efforts 'appear to be working' to slow the spread of COVID-19 - Community Impact Newspaper"
"Supercomputer Modeling Tests How COVID-19 Spreads in Grocery Stores - HPCwire"
"FDA Issues Emergency Use Authorization for SARS-CoV-2 Serological Test - Contagionlive.com"
"As China's Wuhan Ends Its Long Quarantine, Residents Feel A Mix Of Joy And Fear - NPR"
"COVID-19: Vaccine And Drug Development Updates - BioTechniques.com"
"Ellen DeGeneres sparks backlash after joking that self-quarantine is like 'being in jail' - CNN"
"Pandemic school closures: risks and opportunities - The Lancet"
"How New England Is Keeping The Lights On During The Pandemic - WBUR"
"What Lessons Does the AIDS Crisis Offer for the Coronavirus Pandemic? - The New Yorker"
"Possible coronavirus antiviral treatment developed by UNC Chapel Hill scientists heads to clinical trials - OrthoSpineNews"
"Miami orders customers and workers to wear masks at all times in stores and pharmacies - CNN"
"iPhone: How to improve Face ID with a mask - 9to5Mac"
"Intelligence report warned of coronavirus crisis as early as November: Sources - ABC News"
"Finland discovers masks bought from China not hospital-safe - The Jakarta Post - Jakarta Post"
"Masks for the People seeks to raise $1 million for coronavirus relief - CNN"
"Audio Interview: Emerging Tools in the Fight against Covid-19 | NEJM - nejm.org"
"Nearly three-in-ten Americans believe COVID-19 was made in a lab - Pew Research Center"
"WHO defends coronavirus handling; UK toll rises: Live updates - Al Jazeera English"
"COVID-19's Devastating Impact on Children - Human Rights Watch"
"Coronavirus: SC teen supposed to be under self-quarantine accused of coughing on officers - Boston 25 News"
"Mental illness is epidemic within the coronavirus pandemic - USA TODAY"
"Coronavirus and the Cancer Patient - The New York Times"
"Coronavirus Pandemic Highlights Importance of FDA's Emergency Authority - The Pew Charitable Trusts"
"Mental health tips to help younger children cope while social distancing - Norfolk Daily News"
"COVID-19: World survived previous pandemics - Anadolu Agency"
"To save lives, social distancing must continue longer than we expect - Boston.com"
"Social Distancing Enforcement Drones Arrive in the U.S. - New York Magazine"
"COVID-19 Racial Disparity: African Americans May End Up In Hospital More Often : Coronavirus Live Updates - NPR"